f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe.config
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Client.exe
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Client.pdb
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Core.xml
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\Awesomium.Windows.Forms.xml
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\awesomium.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\icudt.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\avcodec-53.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\avformat-53.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\avutil-51.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\libEGL.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\libGLESv2.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\awesomium_process
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\inspector.pak
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\xinput9_1_0.dll
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\bin\Debug\pdf_js.pak
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.GUI.resources
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.Properties.Resources.resources
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.exe
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.pdb
f:\users\switch\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Portal\Client\obj\Debug\Client.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
